Hey everyone and thanks for dropping
back into the cryptoverse.
Today we're going to talk about Bitcoin
and how it has entered the third and
what I think is the final stage of the
bare market. If you guys like the
content, make sure you subscribe to the
channel, give the video a thumbs up, and
also check out the sale on into the
cryptoverse premium at into the
cryptoverse.com.
Again, the sale is ending very soon.
Let's go ahead and jump in. So, I sort
of explained this at the end of last
year and also the beginning of this
year, but I just want to go through it
again. And essentially the argument that
I I've made is that there's basically
three stages to the bare market.
Stage one of every bare market is when
only a few people believe that it is a
bare market. It's that initial draw down
that you get right after the high. And
often times that low, you know, I mean
it can it can occur very quickly just,
you know, a few weeks, few like a month
or two after after the high. This is
stage one, right? That's stage one of
the bare market where only a few people
believe. And the reason only a few
people believe is because everyone is
basically just conditioned to believe
that the price will only ever go higher
and that you know dips are going to get
bought up. So stage one in this cycle
was arguably from October of 2025
into
January kind of going into early
February. All right. basically until the
next low was set is is essentially where
I would say. So stage one occurred,
right? So stage one of the bear was
October 2025 to February 2026.
The reason I say February is because a
lot of times when you have people that
are looking at like lower highs and
lower lows, a lot of guys, a lot of
people won't really recognize this as a
bare market until it breaks through the
low, right? Until you get sort of this
lower low after a lower high, that's
when people will start believing.
So I would argue that October to
February
was stage one of the bare market where
only a few people believe
stage two
of the bare market is taking it from
that taking out that low. Right? So then
you go February of 2026. So like
basically overlaps like this is overlaps
February
to when you break the next low June of
2026.
So we I think just completed stage two
of the bare market and stage two of the
bare market is essentially characterized
as maybe about half of the people
believe right probably about half the
people believe you're actually in a bare
market. There's still the other half are
still holding out hopes for a super
cycle uh for alt season for coming up
with macro metrics like M2 and the ISM
and that kind of stuff explaining why
Bitcoin won't continue the bare market.
These guys can often hold on.
But once you then put in another low,
you know, you have to kind of face the
music, right? You kind of have to face
the music. Now, not all of them do, and
there are still a few hold outs, but I
do think that based on what I saw, I got
a lot of guys dunking on me back in in
April and May that said we would not go
lower. And now some of them are now
saying, "All right, maybe Bitcoin does
go lower." But for a lot of them, this
is actually the first time I've seen
them say that, which is a big shift
mentally. A lot of this stuff is just
more of like a mental game. Some of the
best indicators that you might have are
not when you know certain metrics,
technicals fire up. It's just looking at
people who have been bullish looking for
them to turn bearish. Because what
normally happens in bare markets, this
is why it's so difficult
psychologically, is if you don't get on
board with the bare market at the
beginning of the bare market. If you get
the memo late, then you're more likely
to stay a bear longer because some
people will be like, "Oh, it is a bare
market." Eight months into the bare
market, panic sell. and then they'll be
bearish and they'll stay bearish because
they, you know, they only had a few
months of of being bearish in the actual
bare market and then they'll stay
bearish too long. So then they get
wrecked in the bare market by being a
bull and then they get wrecked in the
bull market by being a bear. But I would
argue that Bitcoin has completed stage
two of the bare market
after it put in a new low below the
February low. So my argument now is that
we are in fact in stage three of the
bare market. I believe this stage will
last approximately the same length as
the first two stages. So this one in my
opinion will take us from June of 2026
to October of 2026.
And that is stage three of the bare
market where arguably at this point a
majority of the people do believe it's a
bare market. One of the things I will
often do on Twitter is I'll put out
polls and those polls will say stuff
like where is Bitcoin headed first. And
a lot of people think that if the
majority says one direction, then the
majority is wrong. But I think the last
several polls that I put out, the
majority was actually right. And I've
noticed this in both bull and bare
markets. when you're trending in a
certain direction, right? When you're
trending in a certain direction and you
pull an audience and let's say 60% of
the audience is bullish and they're
calling for higher prices. A lot of
times people will look at that and be
like, "Oh, well, if the majority,"
they'll say the majority is always
wrong. But in my experience, that's
actually not true. when it's only a
slight edge like 6040
oftentimes the 60 can actually be right.
I've even seen a lot of cases where when
it's 7030 70 can still be right where I
really start to see deviations
in in that kind of the the what makes
sense is the majority are always wrong.
When you start getting numbers like 75
to 80% of people believing in a certain
direction, that is normally when the
majority gets it wrong where you only
have like 20 to 25% of people um you
know still believing in in kind of the
the opposite way. That's usually when
the when we finally switch. So, I would
say the majority believes
that it's a bare market, but I just put
out a poll and you know it it it is it
is definitely weighted to the downside,
but it's not like a heavy weight to the
downside. It's not like 75 to 80% of
people believe Bitcoin's going to go
down. It's probably like 60 to 65% of
people. And maybe that's changed, but
that's kind of where we are right now.
So what I would say is that you know if
you think about stage one, February
marked the first low, right? Or sorry,
stage one, November marked the first
low, but it took until February to take
out that low to then confirm the bare
market for some people. So February now
that we took out the low again, it sort
of took out the it arguably it took the
wind out of out of the sales of the
bulls because now it's like all right
this has been a longer downturn than
many people thought. Now what's
interesting if you think about it the
bare market started in October so you've
had November, December,
January, February, March, April, May,
June. you are getting very deep into the
bare market, right? In fact, July, if
you take it from here to October, that's
only July, August, September, October,
that's only four months. So, you
essentially have stage one that lasts
approximately 4 months.
So, stage one lasts approximately four
months. Stage two lasts approximately 4
months and arguably stage three
lasts approximately 4 months. Now
February marked a low
and when you mark a low that's kind of
what ends that stage of the bare market.
June I think will mark another low.
Right now, we're just waiting to see
where that low is. Is that low around
the current prices like around 60k or is
it lower? In 2018,
we found support at around 5,800 5700,
but it was it was essentially just a
sweep of the low from February before we
went back up. last cycle, we didn't
really find those double bottoms much at
all when we were going and and sweeping
these prior lows. And if you go look at
2014,
we we had a lot of, you know, lower lows
in the market, right? Where you you
actually went significantly below the
prior low. For instance, if you take the
February low in 2014 to the April low,
it was about 15% lower. And the April
low to the October low was another 18%
lower. So that was those were much
deeper drops than than just sweeping it
like it did in 2018.
So this ch this video right now is is
not really meant to be more it's not
like a quantitative video. It's more so
meant to just better understand or
articulate investor psychology.
And in stage one basically no one
believes. In stage two,
maybe about half of people believe I
think about half of people have believed
that we are in a bare market. You know,
from February until until June and then
stage three is arguably June to October
or sometime in Q4.
I have said I mean depending on where
Bitcoin finds a low, we could find a low
in June, but it it it sort of depends on
on how low Bitcoin actually goes. If we
bottom out now and start to trend back
up, then I would think, you know, June
or an October low could be could be
lower. But if we drop a lot now, then
maybe October doesn't have to be uh
quite as bad. So I think we are now in
stage three of the bare market. In stage
three of the bare market, I would expect
Bitcoin to find a low sometime in June.
Uh maybe already happened, but we we'll
have to wait and see. is only June 6,
but I guess when Bitcoin bottomed in
February, it bottomed like February 6,
it bottomed pretty pretty early on in
February.
But I think one of the things that you
would look for when you have these
sweeps of prior lows like in 2018,
right, or sorry, that's 2014. When you
look at 2018, you wouldn't want to go
that much below it, right? You could
argue 57,000, 58,000. that would be
okay, but you would want to see it
continue to hold support, maybe move up,
get a short-term higher low, and then it
sets you up for a rally in July. So,
we'll see where that June low comes in.
But right now, this video is not about
any of that stuff. It's just about let's
try to better understand investor
psychology. And if Bitcoin does continue
to struggle, you know, for a few more
months, then by the end of that, I would
argue that then everyone would believe
in the bare market. And once everyone
believes in the bare market, that's
usually when the bare market ends. If
you guys like the content, make sure you
subscribe to the channel, give the video
a thumbs up, and also check out the sale
on into the cryptoverse premium at into
the cryptoverse.com.
Thank you guys for tuning in, and I'll
see you next time. Bye.